# ETHEREUM CAT HERDERS MEETING #131 

### Meeting Date/Time: May 21, 2024 at 14:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration:  30 mins
### Moderator: Pooja Ranjan
### [GitHub Agenda](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/402)
### [Audio Video of the Meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltzkP19PLiA&list=PL4cwHXAawZxogBKmFamsYqUch8xEu55y2&index=2)

### Notes: Meenakshi Singh
___

## Summary

| S No  | Agenda    | Summary |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
| 131.1 | ECH Operations and Meet the Herders:| George’s talk on “Meet the Herder” has been published, and more talks with Cat Herders are planned.    |
| | | Publication on mirror.XYZ will be discussed in the next meeting.|
|131.2 |ECH Engineering - New Website Domain:| The new domain is ethcatherders.com, which is shorter and easier to type.|
| | |The website (V3) includes most features from V2 and is built using Next JS. | 
| | | A new homepage focused on education is in progress.| | | | The Pectra page will be updated with devnet v0 information.|
|131.3 |New Initiative/Association/Team Discussion: |Staking-related content and community engagement ideas.|
|||Add an AI tool to the ECH website for interactive conversations.|

## Agenda
## 1. ECH updates
**Pooja Ranjan** [0:05](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltzkP19PLiA&list=PL4cwHXAawZxogBKmFamsYqUch8xEu55y2&index=2&t=5s): Welcome to Ethereum Cat Herders Meeting 131. On our agenda we have updates from ECH contributors. The task that we are working over the week and there would be some updates on ethereum network upgrade. We'll discuss some of the U events and Fellowship, Hackathons, some new ideas, team discussion and things like that. So starting with the first item which is about ECH operation and Meet the Herders. Unfortunately I do not see H. Gadia, Haresh on the call today. And I think I have received some updates from his end. So he has published George's talk on Meet the Herder and he is in touch with some of the other members of Cat Herders and will be starting to record some talks really soon. Currently he is moving from one location and just trying to adjust with his new job because again the Cat Herders people try to contribute in their free time. So it's important to make sure that we are at the right place to do the right thing and then be able to provide us the right episode. So he mentioned that he is just wrapping up a developers program and is starting a new one but he should be in a position to record a new episode really soon. We are targeting to have at least one talk with one of the Cat Herders contributing in the recent days or may have contributed in the past and discuss about their Journey how they found Ethereum Cat Herders supporting their journey in the Ethereum Ecosystem. So we look forward to have him on the next call and perhaps hear more about one of our own Ethereum Cat Herders. I don't think we have discussed if this can be published on mirror.XYZ. I know that he has added it on medium blog post but not on mirror yet. We'll take that in the next meeting when he is around. The next section is a new website domain and website related discussion on ECH engineering. I see George if you would like to quickly provide an update on where we are on the Website development. 


**George Hervey** [2:49](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltzkP19PLiA&list=PL4cwHXAawZxogBKmFamsYqUch8xEu55y2&index=2&t=169s):Yeah so on the new domain ethcatherders.com which thankfully is shorter than ethereumcatherders.com for typing it in the browser URL. That is our website V3 and we have pretty much everything that was included in the V2 now in the V3 under the new framework of Next JS the most recent updates made were the calendar so now you can see the calendar on the the new website and the new we are designing a new homepage as well to focus more on education and that is currently in the works. So expect that within the next week or so and then I believe the Pectra page is also being updated as well with the devnet v0 either launched or about to be launched and I believe that's it. There's a few other things that we're doing with the website too but maybe You' be better to describe that. 

**Pooja Ranjan** [4:13](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltzkP19PLiA&list=PL4cwHXAawZxogBKmFamsYqUch8xEu55y2&index=2&t=253s): Yeah thanks for the update. I'm taking a look at the Pectra page it seems like we have already fixed the URL. Now it is ethcatherders.com/upgrades/pectra instead of like Network_upgrade . Yeah the shorter one it looks better. And easier to Follow. And I'm noticing changes on updates. The only missing section here is the link to EOF page and verkle related Meetings playlist. I hope that should be added soon but at this point the page looks good. Thank you the entire team to work on that. George Pai, Shubhangi, this looks good now and people can follow it for the Pectra upgrade and we hope to add quizzes for Pectra soon and this can also be found on on this page whenever it is ready. Thanks everyone for This. The next section is meeting podcast epd Twitter spaces and some information on Wallest dev meetings. I see Zkdoof on the call. ZK if you would like to maybe take on this section.


**Zkdoof** [5:42](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltzkP19PLiA&list=PL4cwHXAawZxogBKmFamsYqUch8xEu55y2&index=2&t=342s): Yep so the wallet Dev meeting was recorded and put out last week. And it is currently live on YouTube. Also episode 128 of PEEPan EIP went up and 129 has also also been up 1:30 is edited and ready to go this week on Thursday. And we'll probably be talking a little bit more about what we can do with Twitter spaces and see if we can set up like a a regularly occurring space. 

**Pooja Ranjan** [6:22](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltzkP19PLiA&list=PL4cwHXAawZxogBKmFamsYqUch8xEu55y2&index=2&t=382s): This sounds good. Yeah I think we should think a little bit more in this direction. So we should definitely think about twitter spaces. It makes sense to have some weekly Cadence and talk about it in advance it. To my understanding would help us reach more people let let them know about what ethereum cat herders does. So if we can maybe by the next meeting or sooner come up with some ideas on a calendar decide a Day time when we want to have it on an ongoing basis that would be nice to follow. All right I wonder if we made any project on ecosystem project or did we get a chance to reach to anyone?

**Zkdoof** [7:42](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltzkP19PLiA&list=PL4cwHXAawZxogBKmFamsYqUch8xEu55y2&index=2&t=462s): So from the people that I reached out to no one's responded everyone's kind of been a little quiet. I think you have a list of people who reached out to you if you could send me that I'd love to just reach out to some more people. See if I can get something going. 

##  [EIPsInsight website](https://eipsinsight.com/insight/2024/3)

**Pooja Ranjan** [8:02](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltzkP19PLiA&list=PL4cwHXAawZxogBKmFamsYqUch8xEu55y2&index=2&t=482):All right yeah if I remember correctly I may have shared in the Ops Channel but I will take a look again and try to get it there. Okay isn't working I was just trying to fix it but it's not working.So let's skip it for now. Moving on to the next section which is EIPs Insight. To my understanding EIPsinsight.com is currently providing all information except for RIPs However I check the RIPs repository and we do not have much of new proposals there. And I'm quickly trying to open the insight for the month of May and according to this we have 9 new draft on EIP GitHub repository 1 in the ERC side of course none on the RIP and we have 6 stagnant proposals. Wow but the number is getting lower every month I suppose. We are still seeing stagnant which is not a good idea to have it there. We might want to encourage our contributors EIP authors to maybe able to pursue it and if they don't want to pursue the proposal withdrawn would be a better status rather than moving into stagnant. I noticed that there is one proposal which has recently been moved to withdrawn that is EIP 7664 which was access key opcode. I think stagnant is a better status for proposal those aren't meant to be pursued  Anymore. So keep an eye on the changing stats. I hope to publish a detailed report at the end of the month. And yeah so that's about EIPs Insight. 

### [PEEPanEIP](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cwHXAawZxqu0PKKyMzG_3BJV_xZTi1F) 
### Upcoming meetings can be found on [PEEPanEIP schedule](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/projects/2)


On PEEPanEIP we have one recording scheduled I believe it is in next week with Tim Beiko and the proposal is 7587 Reserve pre-compile address range for RIPs. We are also hoping to talk to other authors to cover most of the proposals of Pectra upgrade. We already have recorded four or five but whatever pending proposals I mean like we could not get them recorded we'll try to get it recorded Sooner. We are updating our playlist on community. One additional thing was all ERC Dev meeting that happened last week and we have already uploaded the recording for people to follow. Anyone interested in supporting these new ERC people new ERC proposals I'm considering of creating a separate channel for ERC discussion. I wonder what  people think about it like we have channels for different topics but there are some people who sometimes show up on our discord asking for help mostly in the help section. I think the channel name is technical question. Do we think that we need a separate channel for ERC discussion?


**Zkdoof** [11:58](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltzkP19PLiA&list=PL4cwHXAawZxogBKmFamsYqUch8xEu55y2&index=2&t=718s):  I think it would be good because I think technical questions is a larger group of things and might have people being directed to other Discord channels like you know this is a staken question go to eth stakers but ERC discussions in particular you know having a dedicated space for them. 


**Pooja Ranjan** [12:24](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltzkP19PLiA&list=PL4cwHXAawZxogBKmFamsYqUch8xEu55y2&index=2&t=744s): And because we are also supporting wallet Dev meetings I know there is a wallet Dev Channel. We generally try to move people to wallet Dev Channel and get their answers get their questions answered there. But can we also encourage to have it discussed here I mean like s solve on quicker basis if possible and for that do we need a separate channel for that or we can just incorporate in ERC's only because mostly wallet proposals are ERC's. 

**Zkdoof** [13:02](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltzkP19PLiA&list=PL4cwHXAawZxogBKmFamsYqUch8xEu55y2&index=2&t=782s):  I'm not sure .I think it could work but yeah if they're mostly ERC's then that would cover a lot of it. I think most of the wallet Dev discussion goes on you know in the actual like wallet Dev Discord. So it might just be worthwhile you know if there's a very wallet specific question to just say like hey you know there's a there's another discussion. But you know there are like a couple  EIPs that people are talking about like 5139 or 5568 that you know have some wallet Relevance. So yeah I think a wallet Dev Channel if nothing else would cover some of the ERC's and the EIPs that people are interested in. 


**Pooja Ranjan** [13:53](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltzkP19PLiA&list=PL4cwHXAawZxogBKmFamsYqUch8xEu55y2&index=2&t=833s): Yeah I mean on our Discord as of now we we have a dedicated channel for all account abstraction related discussion. We have EIP ERC and that channel specifically talk about ERC 4337 basically this is a bridge between the 4337 Mafia telegram group to the Discord channel. So people can follow all 4337 or wallet related discussion here. But I think having a dedicated channel for ERC would make sense and if we need we can perhaps add the wallet Channel as well. How we encouraging them to go to the real wallet Discord is always a good idea. Very well we can perhaps give a little bit more thoughts and I will try to check it with the ERC def in the next meeting what is their idea of having some conversation I was just trying to support some new people because I recently noticed some ERC related questions are popping up on our Discord. But they don't have a proper place where we can where they can continue discussing. All right that's all about it.

### WiEP Study Group 

**Pooja Ranjan** [15:19](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltzkP19PLiA&list=PL4cwHXAawZxogBKmFamsYqUch8xEu55y2&index=2&t=919s): The next one is WiEP study group. So we have started WiEP Study group two weeks ago. We launched it last week was the first week for the with the first cohort and we have distributed some issues on EIPw GitHub repository. So I'm hoping these contributors would be looking into these issues. Thanks to Sam Wilson he has been greatly supporting these new contributors by answering questions on Discord Channel. If people listening to this conversation or joining this call if you have known anyone especially any women and nonbinary interested in contributing to the ethereum ecosystem and they are looking for a good start I think WiEP group would be helpful to make them aware of the ethereum ecosystem and perhaps help them make their first contribution as well. We are hoping to publish the recording of these studies group maybe on Cat Herder’s channel. It's not decided yet but I'm hoping to at least make these recordings available. So whoever could not join us on the call time may be able to follow the recording and yeah if they have anything of Interest they can reach out and make their contribution. So that's on WiEP. 


### ECH Funding 

**Pooja Ranjan** [16:53](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltzkP19PLiA&list=PL4cwHXAawZxogBKmFamsYqUch8xEu55y2&index=2&t=1013s): Next one is ECH funding octant has recently announced Epoch 4 and I think they have started as accepting application because Epoch 3 we were not able to reach to the threshold. The process could be a little bit different for us this time I'm trying to follow the process over there but I would highly appreciate support from especially from ZK because I know you have already supported in the earlier talk. And maybe interact with the community a little bit more in order to create awareness about the ethereum cat Herders and get as support as needed for this kind of public goods funding. And if people have suggestions on any other grants or something like that please share it with us. For retroactive funding request I think I have completed deled it like whatever request we have received we have covered them all but if anyone please anyone if you have any retroactive funding request please make your issues sooner rather than later. We are trying to be fresh not address any kind of retroactive funding post May so please get it in soon. On meeting notes I see core dev 187 has been in. All Core dev of consensus 134. The meeting could not happen last week it is it is planned next week. For EIPIP same thing there wasn't any meeting last week. So that is not there for editing office hour we do not write notes. But I have seen some of the notes not merged in absence of Read me. So may I please request every contributor to take a look and make sure that their notes are in with readme if the pull request is not merged most likely it is because the read me is not updated. I have noticed that even the funding request has been processed the notes are not in. So please please please go back and check and make sure that all the the pull request made on different repositories are done. And yeah all  the readme are updated. On meeting notes I would like to provide an additional update here that we have been working on as some of us may know that there are multiple breakout room meetings ongoing in the Ecosystem. So we are trying to make these notes publicly available for the Community. Most of these notes are generally found in hackmd or some kind of Twitter pages something like that so we are creating folder for breakout room meetings and hoping to add most of the notes there. So far we have added notes for MaxEB inclusion list account abstraction execution layer P2P and yeah I think we have also added lightclient and epbs. We would be working  on very few pending meeting notes ethereum sequencing. Roll call, Verkle Implementor, EOF implementers and 4844 to have them added overThere. If anyone find any notes are missing we would highly appreciate adding the entry for the missing note if they find it anywhere on the internet. Please share the link and we'll be happy to get that included in the list. This way we hope to provide more information on what's ongoing in the ethereum space right now. With that I think we are done with the update section. 

## 2. Ethereum network upgrades
###  [Prague/Electra Network Upgrade Meta Thread](https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/prague-electra-network-upgrade-meta-thread/16809)


**Pooja Ranjan** [21:27](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltzkP19PLiA&list=PL4cwHXAawZxogBKmFamsYqUch8xEu55y2&index=2&t=1287s): The next section is Ethereum Network upgrade as people may know that we are working on Pectra. Pectra upgrade is expected somewhere end of this year or maybe early next year. I'm not very sure because the date hasn't been announced but developers are making quite a lot of progress at the end of one week of Core Devs hacking together in Kenya. A developers built the first pectra devnet the details are available at https://pectra-devnet-0.ethpandaops.io . So eth panda Ops Team are trying to provide most of the information with respect to the testing that's ongoing the spec for this Devnet is already added at ethereum cat herders website.  You may follow at ethcatherders.com/upgrade/pectra while these proposals for Pectra itself hasn't been finalized like we have two buckets of proposals at this point one is in EIP is included and one is EIP CFI. We are trying to get a final list of The Proposal but eth panda ops team and client developers implemented most of the  EIPs that has greater chances of getting into the upgrade. And they started this testing cycle to learn what could break early on. Paritosh Jayanti has shared a tweet in which he mentioned that almost every client has a pectra compatible branch which is a very good news. We have like 10 clients. And these clients have already triggered and fixed a number of bugs um over the dev's hacking week in Kenya. And they are expecting to solve some more bugs in the upcoming days. He mentioned that they are planning to learn from the devnet that will be used to make a decision on inclusion of EIPs for the Pectra 4 and that would define the scope of devnet 1. So people interested may follow the upcoming all core Dev meeting to get more information on this topic and of course you can follow the link shared earlier to maybe learn the guidelines to join the upgrade. Sorry, join the devnet and if you have any questions. I'm hoping the team would be on Eth R&D Discord to share more information and in addition to the pectra specific devnet. They also worked on PeerDAS devnet 0 which is another very important research topic at the moment and they had some initial success. So we look forward to learn more about PeerDAS and pectra upgrade in the upcoming weeks. The list here contains EIP 7600 which is hard fork meta fork pectra. 

### 4. Events, Fellowship, Hackathon

And we have already added a bunch of playlist for all ongoing protocol and application development. Eth Berlin is starting this week from May 24th obviously the hackathon will be ongoing. And I see information about Eth CC starting in July, Devcon is planned in November. If people get a hand on any other hackathon or fellowship or events, please share it with us. We'll be happy to include it in the events list. Trying to quickly scan on what are the other things. 

### 5. New initiative/association/team discussion
So the next topic listed here is new initiative Association team discussion. I wonder if people have new ideas thoughts I don't see Santhosh on the call, so I'm not sure about the progress on adding an AI tool on our new website. But we can discuss that either on next Monday call or in the next Cat Herders Meeting. Anyone has new suggestions thoughts any ideas that they would like to share here or maybe collect some thoughts from the present group of members. Very well that actually brings us to the close of this meeting. 

### 6. General updates/discussion

I see some Journal stats have been added here Twitter Discord YouTube LinkedIn links and number of followers. We have we are providing these links so people can follow us and we would be able to reach them with different social media to provide the information that cat herders and ecosystem are engaged with. 

### 7. Review of outstanding action items from previous ECH meetings
I am not sure if we have notes from the last meeting up. Any updates on that. No problem, we will try to collect it. All right if anyone has anything else to add or share? Well thank you everyone for joining us here today. See you around.

# Next Meeting Date/Time: June 4, 2023 at 14:00 UTC


## Attendees

* Pooja Ranjan
* George Herbey
* Zkdoof
* Meenakshi 
* Shubhangi

