# Ethereum Cat Herder Meeting # 129  Notes
### Meeting Date/Time: April 23, 2024 at 14:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 0.5 hour
### [GitHub Agenda Page](https://github.com/ethcatherders/PM/issues/399)
### [Audio/Video of the meeting](https://youtu.be/XZVgwDO-KFU)
### Moderator: Pooja Ranjan
### Notes: Alen(Santhosh)

Summary | Action items
-|-
129.1 | Nandan to update V3 calendar with the help of George. 
129.2 | Research post requires a short-summary from the Ethereum Cat Herder team —— we'll review the current draft requirements and add our inputs
129.3 | Eco-system project demo —— we'll create form for the Dapps to submit their projects to be demo'd

**Pooja Ranjan**
# Intro
* Welcome to Ethereum Cat Herders Meeting 129. This is issue number 399 on ETH cat herders PM ratio. I have shared the agenda in chat. We have a, updates from the contributors of Ethereum cat herders with respect to  each operations, engineering work and the meeting notes 
that we have been documenting so far. We'll take a look quick, look at, other protocol and application development and, maybe, hear about some of the events and fellowship which are being organized in the Ethereum ecosystem.

# 1. ECH updates [0.57](https://youtu.be/XZVgwDO-KFU?t=57)

* So starting from the first item, which is meet the herders.  I don't see Harish on the call. However, I may have some updates from his end. 
* I'm aware that video is, ready and released and the podcast is also released. ZK, please correct me if it is still not there and I think it's out. Perfect. And we were waiting on the medium blog post 
* I just received the draft this morning, so we are hoping to get it published this week and will make a social media post about this. 
* Thank you, George, for being the herder and this, special episode or this special, interview is all about you. I hope 
* People get inspired from your experience and be ready to join Ethereum cat herders. 

**George**
* Yeah, it was fun. I was honored to be on the call or on the podcast. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* Right. I hope that, people, do watch, listen or read if they could not, watch or listen and get inspired. 
* Moving on. The next item is ECH engineering. we have been working on the new domain And in parallel we are also making updates to Ethereum cat herders which we are hoping at one point we are going to remove the older one and switch to the newer one. 
* I see Nandan on the call. London. You have been working on the new website. We'll get some updates from you. And then George, you can update with the earlier version where we are on the updates. 

**Nandan**
* Hello. I hope you all can hear me. so yeah 
* I had the message on the discord channel a few days ago about the what? The change. Like what is left to be done? out of that, meet the herder page is done. 
* The overall network upgrade page, which gives all the information about all the network upgrades. That is also done. Some missing data from testnet page that also has been fixed. the only thing left right now, is, data transfer from a couple of pages. 
* I think there is,  4 to 5 network upgrade pages left from where I have to bring the data to this new website. And, yeah, the calendar page. 
* I need some help from George for that thing. rest. Everything is done. It's almost, ready to be, swapped with the older one. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* So what specific, help. Like, is it with respect to the calendar, or is it with respect to the data transfer? 

**Nandan**
* The calendar, to be exact, in the sense, I couldn't figure out, which component or what he was using to, make that thing. So I tried a few like, ways to do it, but it's not as good as the previous one. That's why, I need some help from George for that. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* My understanding is it was done before George's time. But, George, I'm not sure if you had a look at the calendar. If I remember correctly, this calendar was created by Victor, and it's like cat herders. calendar. 
* However, if we can figure out, I would rather want it to be changed with the protocol calendar or. I don't know if we can come up with a mix of protocol and cat herders. So it also includes all characters meeting as well as protocol meetings. Is there a way? 

**George**
* Yeah. So that was the calendar on the V2 was definitely made before my time. I don't think I ever touched that calendar, but I have worked a little bit with adding calendars and other apps so I can take a look and help out with the V3 for that. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* Awesome. And in that case, if you do not have the link to the protocol calendar, I'm happy to share. 
* In fact, I can share the link to both and see if there is a if it is possible to have both of them integrated just like we see our Google calendar, and we have different options to check if we can do it that way. 
* That would be awesome to have. All right, I know we were discussing about updating the new home page.  I received some some thoughts from 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* Mitago yesterday, and she was mentioning about, some missing items on our current web page. * The most important one was like, how to get involved. Like, people know Ethereum cat herders now, but they don't know how to get involved and which are the area of contribution like, what they can do actually here, after joining the discord channel. So she was recommending to having at least one pager about this, particular information. Like what?
* All activities we are involved with, how we can make a room for anyone new to join in the Ethereum ecosystem and be able to contribute to the Ethereum development, like, if not directly to client development, but any other sort of development like we have EIPs, we have RIPS, IRC, so many other areas are there where people can make contributions. 
* So we might want to work on that, one page that can help people understand how cat herders can be a good starting point to the Ethereum community.

**Nandan**
* I think, one section should be enough for that in the home page to tell, how you can join a cat herders and how you can contribute through, via its eth cat herders  . Will that be enough, or do you need something very specific? 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* Maybe we can have a page. like, obviously we will have. Okay. It depends upon the total writeup available. With that. Let me try to pull up the document 
* If I can. Okay. So her suggestion was like, there are different track of participation, 6 or 7 tracks where people can contribute, starting from social media, blogging, designing event participation documentation. 
* These are each specific. But on the other side, what we are doing is like,  when we are documenting it is the notes for the all core dev meetings or whatever protocol meetings are there. 
* Then we are supporting with logistics of different meetings and then there are some open issues where people can make small parts but they aren't aware of, like where they can find these issues and how how can they make their first pull request in. 
* So these kind of information should be nice to have. We can perhaps have a page, maybe in the home page we can have a section like one paragraph about how to do this and read more. 
* Then read more will take out to a page where we will have all different tracks so people can find their track of interest and be able to, look into that direction, if it makes sense. 

**Nandan**
* Yeah, it does. so, would you like me to create some sort of a form, which would, give you the details of what they're actually interested in so that you can invite them to the next meeting or something and then go ahead with it. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
I think I would love to have you or Mitago maybe work on this part, like, collect more thoughts and suggestions from her 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* What? She wants it to be added over there, and then, we come up with a draft and then gets into the implementation. So she's not here, but she is on the discord. Perhaps we'll ping her over there and put you both in touch, and you can work in there. 
* All right. Sounds good. We can now perhaps take 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* A look at the existing website. I remember we discussed last week about, some of the other stuff.  Jorge, if you may have updates on that side. 

**George**
* So there is a couple updates when it came to the V2, basically just finishing up in terms of a ready state and moving on to V3. 
* So basically we added, Duncan to the the network upgrades page. So we have all the network upgrades, fixed a couple of UI 
* And other kind of bug things that we noticed. So, those, those things are fixed.  and I think we have all the links for that. All all set up and good. And, now we're pretty much just ready to move on.
* The V3 and some of the redesign of the homepage and, thinking about adding a, a vertical, vertical tree, page as well, like a dedicated page for that. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* Right. I think we also discussed about having Pectra Page. I don't know if either Nandan or George, you may have worked on the Pectra page. 

**Nandan**
* I have, yeah on the V3, I have made a PR you can see, some Pectra stuff over there. I have to add the considered proposals, though. I will do it, soon 
* I have got the discussion link where all the network upgrades are not not sorry. The consider proposals are listed. I just have to add the links and the EIP names, and it should be updated on the website soon. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* So as of now, I see the button. it has has, spelling error here because earlier it says 

**Nandan**
* The thing is I have made a PR regarding that. if you could just merge that, it will get updated in two minutes. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* Can you please add the link here, George, I think you should be able to merge that. 

**Nandan**
* Yeah. 

**Nandan**
* One second. It's in the chat. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* I'm assuming George, you have the permissions to maybe review and merge it, right? 

**George**
* I believe so,  Yeah. So I think we're good. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* Okay. Perfect. So, yeah, it's good to know you just merged 
* All right. It's good to know, we we need to just fix it up, and, because someone pointed it out that the name is not correct, that means people have already started looking into our new website as well. Let's try to keep it up to date. we have, specs for Devnet zero out, and we would like to have that added 
* On Pectra page sooner rather than later. Let me share the link here with you guys. Pectra got it here. So this is, from where we can, start collecting our information. If we look into this one, they have just added devnet zero so we can add Devnet zero directly.
* But I have shared this link because this will be a updating, frequently, like, every two weeks is my understanding. And we will be getting information about the spec of all ongoing. Uh devnet.
* Okay, I see Metago joining anyone got. Okay. She was also working on this part, so I can perhaps collect some feedback from her as well. Anyone got a chance to, think about, like, how we are going to change the home page? 
* Like, you know, I have shared some sample and, thought of, thought how we can make sure that all information which are being, made available on our website are being displayed in a way that people know that this information does exist on Ethereum cat herders page. 
* Welcome, Metago. And, we were just discussing about the Ethereum cat herders website recommendation that we discussed yesterday. I don't want to put you on the spot right away. 
* I was wondering, like,  if you got a chance to maybe think about the, new home page? If not, it's all right. we just discussed it yesterday. 

**Metago**
* I haven't had a chance to look at it, but I will. Yeah, I yesterday, I guess we talked about adding more information related to community engagement, and, Yeah, I'm looking forward to, getting more involved in that area. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* All right. we just discussed it before you joined. I think Nampai would be working on that section. So whatever thoughts you have, if you can send it across to him, he would be able to help it out, to put it on the website, like, like add it there. 

**Metago**
* Okay cool. I'll talk to him. Thanks, Pooja. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* Thank you. And we discussed about discourse.  George, you mentioned that you found you found some breakthrough in that. Like, we can add that. 

**George**
* Sorry, I was having some noise issues. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* Do my repeating that, about adding discourse to maybe,  have conversation on the website. Yeah, yeah. 

**George**
* So the discourse is pretty easy to add and pretty much host we could add that as a subdomain, under Eth cat herders. 
* So we can just do, I guess, forum.com if we wanted to. Okay, that sounds awesome. Recently I had a discussion with a couple of, Ethereum Foundation contributors, researchers 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* Basically, they are looking to generate some community discussion on research work. Like generally what we are noticing is out of ETH research pages. 
* EIPs are, being developed like people discuss, these proposals and people discuss these research posts and create a proposal, but sometimes those are not well researched. And there could be an alternative suggestion that at the time is not being considered. 
* So what they are suggesting to,  have this page created where we can obviously we can discuss everything on Fellowship of Ethereum Magician, but for some different community engagement, we want to share a small writeup about that research topic and invite people to add their thoughts. 
* So this is going to be pre EIP stage. Like when a when an EIP is there we request people to create discussion two thread at Fellowship of Ethereum magician. We also request community to create discussion thread for research idea even in fellowship of Ethereum magician. 
* But for broader level of discussion we want to have a placeholder. And I'm hoping that this could be a placeholder on Ethereum cat herders website.
* I hope to provide more information as we refine what we would come up with, like how we would want to share the small gist of the research work and how we would want to create community engagement. But it's nice to know that we can at least provide this a space to them 

**Metago**
* Oh, what kind of, research, format would it be? 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* I may have a draft that I received just yesterday. So the idea here is like, these Ethereum Foundation researchers, they are adding research post, but those posts are generally too long and only a few people can read it unless they have full interest in that, they would not look into it. 
* So what they are suggesting is these people will provide us a small summary of these research, and then we'll try to generate some community feedbacks. 
* Say, for example, if this research is around staking, then they would like to get the staking pools involved and share their thoughts. 
* Like this. Research when converted to a proposal, would benefit them or not. So  before we create an EIP. The idea is to collect enough feedback from stakeholders, and that's why they are trying to come up with the small summary of it. 
* And then we will share this summary with the community, like say for example, staking pools. They will read about it. And if they want to read more, obviously we'll point them to the real research paper so they can go and read there, but for discussion, because ETH research does not provide that kind of discussion forum there. 
* So for discussion, they can come back and discuss it over here. 

**Metago**
* Does that answer like a short blog post maybe? Yes. Okay. Got it. Thanks. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* I mean, this is an evolving idea. I'm hoping that we can perhaps start working from the upcoming month, but this is just an initial state. I just received draft yesterday. I will have to look into it, and maybe we'll figure out how Catholics can be an integral part of this conversation. Okay, so that's all about it. I think I mentioned Meet the herder page is already there and Ecosystem Project Demo did did we add that as well in V3? 

**Nandan**
* I was not aware of that. Could you tell me what has to go on that page? But I can finish that up too. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* It could be very simple, just like podcast or maybe meet the herder. It's okay. Consider it similar to Meet the herder. It's about a project demo. I think we have 4 or 5 project demo already created. do you have visibility on that? 

**ZK**
* I am not sure. the last few things that were put up were the smoothly EPD,  and the interceptor EPD, as well as the herder 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* Yeah, I think interceptor is the last one. So we should have seven, six, seven projects. Demo already added. 
* We want this page to be, again. Community information, all application. Whoever are interested in, sharing about their project, they can participate in ecosystem project demo and they can demo their project. But The idea is to share their demonstration with the community. 
* So we want to have a dedicated page for them so people can reach to these projects faster. 

**Nandan**
* So I'll have something like, any anyone can just come and, upload their resources, like their demo video or something. and then you can approve it. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* no, no, it's not like that. It's like, it's like video series. Maybe I can share the link with you, the ZK. can you please share the playlist here so he knows, what we are looking at? Yep. Okay. Perfect. 

**Nandan**
Thank you. Also, Pooja 

**Santhosh**
* Can we also have a Google form that, if someone is interested to demo their,  their Dapps, right. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* So that is a very good idea. I was, hoping to have that implemented. In fact, I am considering this. Like, people can create an issue on each Eth cat herders PM repo if they are interested in that, and that issue will be moved as a card to the project board that we have there for displaying all the EPD, recordings. But definitely we can start with a form. Form is a good beginning. 

**Santhosh**
* Yeah, because otherwise you need to create a steps to create a issue. Then it gets more right. Basically this information needs to be shared. Probably form can be a good start and we can see how it goes. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* Yeah I think we can start with form otherwise. Recently we started this template issue. So template issue can be super helpful here. 
* Like we can just have a template issue created for uh EPD request. Like people interested for demoing. They can just fill up this EPD request template and  that will automatically create a issue which we can move as a card going forward. Okay. 
* Thank you for update.  yeah. Talk to you soon. I know Nandan also has to drop Nandan. I have one last point to talk to you. It was about EIPs insight website. It seems like three of the draft proposals are missing. And, I will ping you the numbers, I think. 

**Nandan**
Okay. Okay. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
Three of the proposals and all three were, proposed by Vitalik. That is even concerning that those three are missing So,  maybe you would want to, look into that. 

**Nandan**
yeah, I'll take a look. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* EIP GitHub repository. One is, I think, 7666,7667 and 7668. These three proposals I could not find on EIPS  insights.insight. So maybe you want to run the scheduler and find what is missing there. 

**Nandan**
Yeah, I'll look into it. 

**Nandan**
All right. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* So that's all about it. For more IPS insight, people may check out the website and also the Hackmd. I hope both are updated. And except for these three missing draft files 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* Yeah, all details are available on the agenda. I mean, like the links are added on the agenda, people may give it a check. All right. 
* Next one is meeting podcast EPD Twitter spaces I see. ZK I hope you have plenty of updates. With respect to all 

**ZK**
* of these. yeah, we put out a whole bunch of stuff. So,  we had the two EPDs that went up the, meet the herders that went up for George and the Sustainable Public Goods funding Twitter space that, also went up as 
* a podcast. I was able to make the,  edit that you had requested to put music underneath it for the,  little gaps. And I also took out some of the little gaps, so the current version should be updated. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* That's awesome. And I believe we also had a wallet dev meeting this month. Right? 

**ZK**
* Oh yeah. That also went up okay. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* Perfect. So we are all covered here. Thank you so much. And I'm surprised like did it allow to edit the, podcast. I mean like update music after it was released? YouTube does not provide this feature. 

**ZK**
* So you can go into,  our podcast manager and you have to upload a brand new file, but that's fine. 
* So I basically just add the file that was edited. It was still in my archive. So I just made the edit and then re-uploaded 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* Awesome. That's good. Very well. And thank you so much for that. We hope to have more Twitter spaces with different projects in future, and at least have one Twitter space per month, if not more.  let's start community engagement from there .
* All right, so next one is a PEEPanEIP. We have yeah a bunch of PEEPanEIP recorded 7002 execution layer two gravel exit with Danny Ryan is up 7547 is recorded and I hope it will go out next week. 
*7012 Pre-compiled for SCCP. It gave me a hard time yesterday, but at the end of the day we were successfully, um. We were successful in uploading the recording so it should go out today. I wonder if, if there is any podcast under working for either of these proposals. 

**ZK**
* I have not started any of the podcasts for. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* Do you have files for that? I mean, if not, then I might. Okay, yeah 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* May you want to take a look like since when? This is I think episode 128 onward.  let me know if you we are done with 127. Otherwise I can provide you all of them. 

**ZK**
* I'm pretty sure 127 is done, but I will confirm that right now. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* So 128 to 130, all of them are recorded and I can share the wave with you. 

**ZK**
* Cool. Yeah. confirming I did put up, 127. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* Thank you. For our upcoming meetings, people may follow the schedule listed here. This is basically a project board available on each cat herder/PM. We can also check out that project, vote for future meetings as well as meetings which have been done and they're recording are available there. 
* We are also building a community playlist with YouTube shorts I think we have two shorts with Danny Ryan. I see a mention of only one here, but people can check out the playlist. 
* It comes with a lot of good words for Ethere cat herders, for IP editors, and all sort of work. We are doing  around EIP. So please check it out and thanks everyone for providing us those good feedbacks. The WiEP meeting would be next month. there is no date announced. we hope to get more information out soon 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* I think I uploaded the last all year dev meeting, and we have been working with respect to each Multi call. last meeting was yesterday. It has been uploaded and playlist has been updated. EOF meeting happens every Wednesday. Now the new timing is 1400 UTC. We 
* We are adding all recordings and that's being updated in the playlist. People can also check out the agenda on Ethereum/PM GitHub repository for other resources. 
* This max EV uh breakout room meeting are also going on. I think today was the fourth meeting. If I have not mistaken, 23rd of April. No, it's what, seventh meeting? 
* So we might want to update that. So seventh meeting was there today. All videos are being uploaded on Ethereum protocol YouTube.  
* On ECH funding, Octant is running the current round and I think we are doing pretty good there, like we are receiving decent support from the community. 
* I'm just taking a look at the current numbers and it says that, we are supported to receive at least 18 ETH, but this is not certain at this point. 
* The voting period is up till, 30th April. If everything goes good, we may receive up to 18 or maybe more or maybe less. I don't know, it depends upon the team or the voters These voters are basically stakers of GLM. 
* And yeah, with their staking rewards, they share a percentage of their reward to public good projects. We are considered to be one of them. 
* So thank you all. Validators who have considered supporting Ethereum cat herders as one of the public good projects there. I spoke to Gitcoin recently. We are unfortunately not eligible for Gitcoin 20 round, but we look forward to participate in upcoming future round. 
* If people have information about any other grant rounds ongoing with any other projects where Ethereum cat holders can participate, please feel free to share the information. 
* We'll be happy to talk to the team. Okay, I think, all funding request, we received a bunch of retroactive requests, which I have completed. Most of them, except for two of those people I can see here. We will try to get it over with in, this week or maybe by the end of April, for sure.
* So other than these two resources, I think we have cleared for all other retroactive funding Sorry about that. And, I think, as you just mentioned, she would be 
* Submitting, notes for EIPIP and CL, but tomorrow, I believe there were a couple of notes with the Meenakshi. Did you make the pull request? Just trying to confirm. Sorry, I didn't get a chance to check it. Hello. 

**Meenakshi**
* Yes, I'm working on, ACDE 125

**Pooja Ranjan**
* All right. 

**Meenakshi**
* But today I will, I am not able to resist you. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* Thank you for that 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* We have added, notes. sorry. The agenda and recording for earlier EIP editing office hour. * This has been proven a very good meeting for new authors and contributors to EIP space, EIP, ERC, RIP, whatever it is. If you have any question in terms of documentation 
* You would want to know why your pull request is not being merged, this is a good place to check it directly with IP editor and learn some ideas, tips and tricks. 
* How to make sure your proposal is well documented and be ready to become a standard of Ethereum. 
* So this meeting happens every alternate Tuesday, like this. Tuesday we have Cat herder's meeting. So this meeting will happen on the next Tuesday at 1400 UTC, the same time as Cat herder's 's meeting.  unfortunately, 
* I have submitted this draft a while ago, but we could not,  publish this report yet. I know, things have changed since then, so I might want to update this draft again and publish it as soon as possible. There was this new task. Okay. Yeah, we finished it recently 
* So there was this new task to archive Dencun Testnets. we completed it last week. All right.  I think we have covered the major section. Anyone has to add anything so far or any question that I can answer 
* Very well.  our next of the items, I think there are the list of other protocol and application development meetings. Those are ongoing. We just have added the meetings, video or when people can find the next meeting on event and fellowship. 
* We are looking towards Eth Berlin, which is planned in May 24th to 26 each CC. I don't think it is happening in Paris this time, so we might want to update that. it's from July 8 to 11. More resources available with respect to different upgrades Prague and Electra.
* We already have EIP, 7600 as a hard fork matter for Prague and Electra, which is also called a spectrum. people may take a look at this, hard fork meta EIP to, find eips, which are already CFD and I believe those EIPs will also be available on Eth spectra page, where people can find the information of PFI proposals. 
* We have added playlist for spectra. We already have recorded, I think 4 or 5 episodes on, eips, which are being considered for the next upgrade EOF is there,  6110? Is there now? 7002 has been added a lot of proposals. 
* Yeah. EIP 2537 has already been recorded. I think it was 2 or 3 years ago with Alex Vlasov. but now this proposal is under consideration for the spectra upgrade. So we want to refresh the memory of the community. And there has been some changes,  in specs since we recorded this episode. 
* So we are planning a new, recording of this proposal with Alex Stokes, who is championing this proposal for the spectra upgrade. 
* So check out the schedule of a penny and join the conversation if you are interested to learn more about this particular proposal.  next is a new initiative, association and team discussion. The first one mentioned here is taking related content 
* And the next is potential new idea for community engagement.  I know we have discussed this multiple times. I don't know if there are any new idea here. I don't want to put anyone's part, but if anyone has any thoughts on that, please feel free to share. If they are looking into staking related content 

**ZK**
* Yeah, I, would really like to start reaching out to, just the client teams and start having like a regular, even if it's a, you know, blog post or video, just anything with the, EL and CL teams. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* That would be nice to have. This is one area where we are lacking. I mean, like we have a lot of information, resources and pointers for EIPs, but we do not have similar resources available for, people wanting to get involved in staking. 
* It would be really nice to have some resources either created or curated by the Ethereum cat herders.
* And if people have any other new idea how we can,  create community engagement, please feel free to share and we'll figure out how we can perhaps add it in our, task list 
* Oops. The start seems to be a little bit old. I think we received a 3400 subscriber YouTube yesterday. there's a bunch of social media handle added here on the agenda. If you are not following Ethereum cat herders, please join us. 
* You will find a lot of informational resources there, and it's a good way to get engaged with the community. 
* And that's pretty much in conclude to all the items listed here. If anyone has any thoughts, comments or any item that they would want to be discussed in the future meeting. Very well. You are always welcome to share those thoughts. async as well, if it comes later to your mind. thank you everyone for joining us today. Hope to see 
* See you in two weeks. Have a great rest of the day, everyone. 

**Meenakshi**
* Thank you

__________________
## Attendees
* Pooja Ranjan
* Metago
* Meenakshi
* Santosh
* George Harvey
* Nandan
* Matt
* ZK
__________________
## Next meeting April 23, 2024 at 14:00 UTC 

